docs: cleanup/polish Markdown files (#5038)
Chatterino/chatterino2: README.md

## Code style

> The code is formatted using [ClangFormat](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) in Qt Creator. [.clang-format](.clang-format) contains the style file for ClangFormat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code is formatted using [clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html). Our configuration is found in the [.clang-format](.clang-format) file in the repository root directory.
```
